Hello, dear listeners! My name is Dmitry, and today I would like to tell you about my native town. This is Krasnodar. Well.. let's get started.

Krasnodar is located on the Kuban River in the south—west of Russia. It was founded in 1793 as a fortress Ekaterinodar. It was assigned in honor of Empress Catherine the Second, who granted these lands to the Cossacks. Later, during the revolution, the city was renamed to Krasnodar.

Now Krasnodar is a booming city with more than a million people living in it. Many people call Krasnodar the best city in Russia. Viktor Likhonosov said that Krasnodar is "our little Paris". By the way... funny fact: Vladimir Mayakovsky called Krasnodar the "dog capital" due to the fact that in the past a lot of dogs roamed the city. Nowadays a sculpture has appeared — a couple of walking dogs are dressed in the latest fashion, in memory of Mayakovsky's words.

I have already told you about the some sights of the city, but let me tell you about the most popular of them.

The first of them is the Krasnodar Park, which is known as the Galitsky Park, because it was built by Sergei Galitsky. There are about 30 objects on the territory of the park: a fountain with a waterfall, a climbing wall, a playground for streetball and extreme sports, an outdoor cinema and others. 

The second place is high street, which is called Krasnaya Street. There are a lot of administrative buildings, monuments, parks and different shops.

The third place to visit is cinema. There are a lot of cinemas in the city. The most popular is the Aurora cinema. Unfortunately, it is closed now, but the architecture of this building is impressive.

After a long walk, you definitely need to eat. I would recommend you to try the famous Kuban borscht and the most delicious dumplings in the world in the restaurant Dikanka or Yuzhanin. 

If you want to stay overnight in the city, I will recommend you to book a room in the Intourist Hotel. It is located in the city center. Besides, you will be able to enjoy the spectacular view of Krasnodar.

Let's summarize... Krasnodar is a city of high culture, capable of surprising each tourist. There are many parks, monuments and other attractions in the city.

Thank you for your attention. If you have any questions, you can ask them before time is up.